docs: misc docs reorganize and cleanups (#2768)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/frameworks/picklable.rst

Picklable Model
===============

> For custom ML models created with pure Python code, a simple way to make it work with
> the BentoML workflow is via ``bentoml.picklable_model``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For custom ML models created with plain Python code, BentoML provides ``bentoml.picklable_model`` as a solution to incorporate any arbitrary Python functions with BentoML’s serving workflow.
```

Author: this is not exactly accurate. not just function but also custom model classes

Author: btw I will come back and revisit this doc soon, this is just a quick first version

> Here's an example of saving a simple Python function as model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of saving a Python function as a model:
```

.. code:: python

    from typing import List
    import numpy as np
    import bentoml

    def my_python_model(input_list: List[int]) -> List[int]:
        return np.square(np.array(input_list))

    # `save_model` saves a given python object or function
    saved_model = bentoml.picklable_model.save_model(
        'my_python_model',
        my_python_model,
        signatures={"__call__": {"batchable": True}}
    )
    print(f"Model saved: {saved_model}")

Load the model back to memory for testing:

.. code:: python

>     In [1]: loaded_model = bentoml.picklable_model.load_model("my_python_model:latest")
> 
>     In [2]: loaded_model([1, 2, 3])
>     Out[2]: array([1, 4, 9])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    loaded_model = bentoml.picklable_model.load_model("my_python_model:latest")

    loaded_model([1, 2, 3])
    # out: array([1, 4, 9])
```
We should be consistent with all the code-block. If we want to make this as a demonstration block the we might as well use doctest formatted code block.

Reviewer: food for thought.
